Component documentation Revamp (#25648)
DataDog/datadog-agent: docs/public/components/using-components.md

    )
// [...]

func myTestCallback(logger log.Component) {
    logger.Info("some message")
}
```

## Importing bundles

Now let's say you want to include the core bundle instead. The core bundle offers many basic features (logger, config,
telemetry, flare, ...).

```go
import (
    // We import the core bundle
    core "github.com/DataDog/datadog-agent/comp/core"

    // Then the interfaces we want to use
    config "github.com/DataDog/datadog-agent/comp/core/config/def"
)

// [...]
    return fxutil.OneShot(
        myTestCallback, // The function to call from fxutil.OneShot
        core.Bundle(),  // This will tell FX how to create the all the components included in the bundle
    )
// [...]

func myTestCallback(conf config.Component) {
    api_key := conf.GetString("api_key")

    // [...]
}
```

It's very important to understand that since `myTestCallback` only uses the `config.Component`, not all components from
the `core` bundle are instantiated! The `core.Bundle` instructs Fx how to create components, but only the ones required
are created.

In our example, the `config.Component` might have dozens of dependencies instantiated from the core bundle. Fx handles
all of this.

> ## Using non-component types with Fx

Reviewer: I've usually seen this being used to supply Params structs and similar plain-old-data objects. Things that shouldn't become components because they don't define an interface of behaviors.

Perhaps this heading should be `## Using plain data types with Fx`

> ## Using non-component types with Fx

Reviewer 2: Indeed, I think using `Params` is a good usage but this part seems to refer to code like [this one](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-agent/blob/27630a86a09e6ea0e07ff5d0fe5edc3ec1e3ea27/cmd/agent/subcommands/run/command.go#L423-L425).

As your migration to components is not finished, you might need to manually instruct Fx on how to create certain types.

> You will need to use `fx.Provide` for this. More details can be found [here](fx.md).
> 
> But here is a quick example:
> 
> ```go
> import (
>     logfx "github.com/DataDog/datadog-agent/comp/core/log/fx"
>     log "github.com/DataDog/datadog-agent/comp/core/log/def"
> )
> 
> // a non-component type
> type custom struct {}
> 
> // [...]
>     return fxutil.OneShot(
>         myTestCallback,
>         logfx.Module(),
> 
>         // fx.Provide registers a function providing a type into Fx. Any time this is needed, Fx will use it.
>         fx.Provide(func() custom {
>             return custom{}
>         }),
>     )
> // [...]
> 
> // Here our function uses component and non-component type, both provided by Fx.
> func myTestCallback(logger log.Component, c custom) {
>     logger.Info("Custom type: %v", c)
> }
> ```

Reviewer 3: <!-- Suggestions are specific requests to improve the subject under review. It is assumed that we all want to do what's best, so these comments are never dismissed as “mere suggestions”, but are taken seriously.  -->
**💬 suggestion:**  I have the feeling that `fx.Supply` is more suitable for values which don't require dynamic computing (like Params structs).‏
```suggestion
You will need to use `fx.Supply` for this. More details can be found [here](fx.md).

But here is a quick example:

```go
import (
    logfx "github.com/DataDog/datadog-agent/comp/core/log/fx"
    log "github.com/DataDog/datadog-agent/comp/core/log/def"
)

// a non-component type
type custom struct {}

// [...]
    return fxutil.OneShot(
        myTestCallback,
        logfx.Module(),

        // fx.Supply provides instantiated values into Fx. Any time this is needed, Fx will use it.
        fx.Supply(custom{}),
    )
// [...]

// Here our function uses component and non-component type, both provided by Fx.
func myTestCallback(logger log.Component, c custom) {
    logger.Info("Custom type: %v", c)
}
```
```

!!! Info

>     This means that components can depend on non-component types too (as long as the main instruct Fx how to create them).

Reviewer 2: I think we should avoid as much as possible non-component types because component has a better interface and a canonical way to instance them unlike non-component type. 
I am afraid a reader of this line can think create big non-component is OK.
